web3-patreon/README.md, before:

# Web3 Patreon MVP

A decentralized creator support platform built with Next.js, RainbowKit, and Web3 technologies on Base network.

## Why Base Network?

We chose Base for our Web3 Patreon MVP because:

- **Low Fees**: ~$0.01-0.05 per transaction (perfect for micro-payments)
- **EVM Compatible**: All existing Ethereum tooling works seamlessly
- **Stablecoin Support**: Native USDC support with excellent liquidity
- **Fast Transactions**: Quick confirmation times for better UX
- **Coinbase Backing**: Strong institutional support and user adoption
- **Growing Ecosystem**: Rapidly expanding DeFi and creator economy projects

## Features

### Phase 1 MVP (Completed)
- ✅ Wallet connection with RainbowKit
- ✅ Creator onboarding flow
- ✅ Profile creation and management
- ✅ Creator dashboard
- ✅ Modern, responsive UI with Tailwind CSS

### Phase 2 MVP (In Progress)
- 🔄 Smart contracts for support tiers and payments
- 🔄 Creator support tier management
- 🔄 One-time tips with stablecoins (USDC/DAI)
- 🔄 Recurring subscriptions
- 🔄 Base network integration

### Planned Features
- Exclusive content access
- Fan engagement features
- Analytics and insights
- Mobile app

## Getting Started

### Prerequisites
- Node.js 18+ 
- npm or yarn
- A WalletConnect Project ID (free at [cloud.walletconnect.com](https://cloud.walletconnect.com/))

### Installation

1. Clone the repository:
```bash
git clone <your-repo-url>
cd web3-patreon
```

2. Install dependencies:
```bash
npm install
```

3. Set up environment variables:
```bash
cp .env.local.example .env.local
```

4. Add your WalletConnect Project ID to `.env.local`:
```
NEXT_PUBLIC_WALLETCONNECT_PROJECT_ID=your-project-id-here
```

5. Run the development server:
```bash
npm run dev
```

6. Open [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000) in your browser.

## Tech Stack

- **Frontend**: Next.js 14, React, TypeScript
- **Styling**: Tailwind CSS
- **Web3**: RainbowKit, Wagmi, Viem
- **Blockchain**: Base Network (EVM-compatible L2)
- **Smart Contracts**: Solidity, OpenZeppelin
- **Wallet Connection**: WalletConnect v2
- **State Management**: TanStack Query
- **Stablecoins**: USDC, DAI on Base

## Project Structure

```
src/
├── app/                    # Next.js app router pages
│   ├── dashboard/         # Creator dashboard
│   ├── creators/          # Creators listing page
│   └── layout.tsx         # Root layout with Web3 providers
├── components/            # React components
│   ├── Header.tsx         # Navigation header
│   ├── HeroSection.tsx    # Landing page hero
│   ├── CreatorOnboarding.tsx # Creator signup flow
│   ├── CreatorProfileForm.tsx # Profile creation form
│   ├── CreatorDashboard.tsx   # Creator dashboard
│   └── CreatorsList.tsx   # Creators listing
├── lib/                   # Utility libraries
│   └── wagmi.ts          # Wagmi configuration
└── providers/            # React context providers
    └── Web3Provider.tsx  # Web3 providers wrapper
```

## Usage

### For Creators
1. Connect your wallet using the "Connect Wallet" button
2. Click "Create Your Creator Profile" to start onboarding
3. Fill out your profile information (name, bio, category, social links)
4. Access your dashboard to manage your creator profile

### For Fans
1. Browse creators on the creators page
2. Connect your wallet to support creators
3. Send crypto directly to creators (coming in Phase 2)

## Development

### Available Scripts

- `npm run dev` - Start development server
- `npm run build` - Build for production
- `npm run start` - Start production server
- `npm run lint` - Run ESLint

### Adding New Features

1. Create components in `src/components/`
2. Add new pages in `src/app/`
3. Update the Web3 configuration in `src/lib/wagmi.ts` if needed
4. Follow the existing patterns for wallet integration

## Contributing

1. Fork the repository
2. Create a feature branch
3. Make your changes
4. Test thoroughly
5. Submit a pull request

## License

MIT License - see LICENSE file for details

## Roadmap

### Phase 2: Payments & Tiers
- Smart contract integration for payments
- Creator support tiers
- Subscription management
- Payment history

### Phase 3: Content & Engagement
- Exclusive content posting
- Fan messaging
- Community features
- Analytics dashboard

### Phase 4: Advanced Features
- NFT rewards
- Governance tokens
- Cross-chain support
- Mobile app

Commit message:

Implement creator pages, support modal, and update project roadmap
Co-authored-by: raulalexe88 <raulalexe88@gmail.com>

web3-patreon/README.md, after:

# Web3 Patreon MVP

A decentralized creator support platform built with Next.js, RainbowKit, and Web3 technologies on Base network.

## Why Base Network?

We chose Base for our Web3 Patreon MVP because:

- **Low Fees**: ~$0.01-0.05 per transaction (perfect for micro-payments)
- **EVM Compatible**: All existing Ethereum tooling works seamlessly
- **Stablecoin Support**: Native USDC support with excellent liquidity
- **Fast Transactions**: Quick confirmation times for better UX
- **Coinbase Backing**: Strong institutional support and user adoption
- **Growing Ecosystem**: Rapidly expanding DeFi and creator economy projects

## Features

### Phase 1 MVP (Completed)
- ✅ Wallet connection with RainbowKit
- ✅ Creator onboarding flow
- ✅ Profile creation and management
- ✅ Creator dashboard
- ✅ Modern, responsive UI with Tailwind CSS

### Phase 2 MVP (Completed)
- ✅ Smart contracts for support tiers and payments
- ✅ Creator support tier management
- ✅ One-time tips with stablecoins (USDC/DAI)
- ✅ Recurring subscriptions
- ✅ Base network integration
- ✅ Individual creator pages
- ✅ Support modal with tipping and subscription

### Planned Features
- Exclusive content access
- Fan engagement features
- Analytics and insights
- Mobile app

## Getting Started

### Prerequisites
- Node.js 18+ 
- npm or yarn
- A WalletConnect Project ID (free at [cloud.walletconnect.com](https://cloud.walletconnect.com/))

### Installation

1. Clone the repository:
```bash
git clone <your-repo-url>
cd web3-patreon
```

2. Install dependencies:
```bash
npm install
```

3. Set up environment variables:
```bash
cp .env.local.example .env.local
```

4. Add your WalletConnect Project ID to `.env.local`:
```
NEXT_PUBLIC_WALLETCONNECT_PROJECT_ID=your-project-id-here
```

5. Run the development server:
```bash
npm run dev
```

6. Open [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000) in your browser.

## Tech Stack

- **Frontend**: Next.js 14, React, TypeScript
- **Styling**: Tailwind CSS
- **Web3**: RainbowKit, Wagmi, Viem
- **Blockchain**: Base Network (EVM-compatible L2)
- **Smart Contracts**: Solidity, OpenZeppelin
- **Wallet Connection**: WalletConnect v2
- **State Management**: TanStack Query
- **Stablecoins**: USDC, DAI on Base

## Project Structure

```
src/
├── app/                    # Next.js app router pages
│   ├── dashboard/         # Creator dashboard
│   ├── creators/          # Creators listing page
│   └── layout.tsx         # Root layout with Web3 providers
├── components/            # React components
│   ├── Header.tsx         # Navigation header
│   ├── HeroSection.tsx    # Landing page hero
│   ├── CreatorOnboarding.tsx # Creator signup flow
│   ├── CreatorProfileForm.tsx # Profile creation form
│   ├── CreatorDashboard.tsx   # Creator dashboard
│   └── CreatorsList.tsx   # Creators listing
├── lib/                   # Utility libraries
│   └── wagmi.ts          # Wagmi configuration
└── providers/            # React context providers
    └── Web3Provider.tsx  # Web3 providers wrapper
```

## Usage

### For Creators
1. Connect your wallet using the "Connect Wallet" button
2. Click "Create Your Creator Profile" to start onboarding
3. Fill out your profile information (name, bio, category, social links)
4. Access your dashboard to manage your creator profile

### For Fans
1. Browse creators on the creators page
2. Click "View Profile" to visit a creator's page
3. Connect your wallet to support creators
4. Send one-time tips or subscribe to support tiers
5. Support creators with USDC/DAI on Base network

## Development

### Available Scripts

- `npm run dev` - Start development server
- `npm run build` - Build for production
- `npm run start` - Start production server
- `npm run lint` - Run ESLint

### Adding New Features

1. Create components in `src/components/`
2. Add new pages in `src/app/`
3. Update the Web3 configuration in `src/lib/wagmi.ts` if needed
4. Follow the existing patterns for wallet integration

## Contributing

1. Fork the repository
2. Create a feature branch
3. Make your changes
4. Test thoroughly
5. Submit a pull request

## License

MIT License - see LICENSE file for details

## Roadmap

### Phase 2: Payments & Tiers
- Smart contract integration for payments
- Creator support tiers
- Subscription management
- Payment history

### Phase 3: Content & Engagement
- Exclusive content posting
- Fan messaging
- Community features
- Analytics dashboard

### Phase 4: Advanced Features
- NFT rewards
- Governance tokens
- Cross-chain support
- Mobile app
